well howdy there internet people its
bogan so tonight I want to talk about
tear gas and toddlers because that's a
thing now you know we're the United
States we're no stranger to violence go
on social media you find people justify
have violence over anything step on my
flag I'll step on your face don't stand
for the national anthem I'll break your
knee and give you a reason not to stand
what would you do somebody tear-gassed
your kid seriously what would you do if
while you were trying to get somewhere
safe somewhere better some thug used a
weapon banned in war on your child what
would you do how would you respond so I
guess if we don't have a pile of Border
Patrol bodies by the end of the week and
I mean a pile mass funerals of those
flag covered coffins guess they are
pretty peaceful people aren't they more
peaceful than us you know I know
everybody likes to pretend they
understand that part of the world but
the areas that these people are
currently in they're not dominated but
they're the cartels have a pretty heavy
presence in those areas you don't think
you're walking around right now here
have a gun protect yourself next time
because every dead Border Patrol agent
is a win for them so they got the means
they have the opportunity and they
certainly have a motive my question
what are you gonna do when it doesn't
happen are you gonna admit to yourself
that that fear mongerer in the Oval
Office is turn this entire nation into
cowards people afraid of toddlers we
tear-gassed
kids like any other two-bit dictatorship
yeah
you know people are wondering right now
well why are the presidents poll numbers
falling among the troops because they
don't like seeing their government
behave like Saddam's we tear-gassed kids
if there is not a massive upsurge in
violence along the border says a whole
lot about those people says they're
better than us because I can't say we
didn't earn it anyway it's just a fall
I'll have a good night